[Autogenerated] Welcome to plural site.
My name is Julie Lierman,
and you might know me as one of the most recognized
authorities in the world on Entity Framework,
Microsoft's data access platform for dot net developers.
And now I get to use my many years of dot net expertise to show you how
to build dot net applications on Amazon Web services.
I was really surprised when I began discovering how much
support Amazon has for dot Net on AWS tooling S DK's AP eyes
and a team of developer advocates.
This course focuses on leveraging your existing knowledge of
building dot net applications in visual studio and adds to that the
feature Rich a ws toolkit for visual studio.
To build APS that run on AWS,
you'll learn about Amazon's relational database service and how to
create and use a sequel server database managed by RDS.
From your applications.
You'll deploying a speed dot net core application.
Amazon's elastic Compute Cloud, also known as E.
C, to where its availability can be scaled up and down on demand.
You'll then take that same application and deployed to docker containers
that are completely managed by Amazon's Fargate service.
And then again with that same application,
we'll configure it as an AWS serve Earless application,
which takes advantage of Amazon Lambda functions to reduce the cost of hosting.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to discover the incredible support that AWS has for .net developers and software that we built.